This is git repo for ArchLinux PKGBUILD scripts, it is subproject of Peerbox project.

Beside ppcoind which will be used in Peerbox project there are PKGBUILDS for peercoin-qt and peerunit-qt wallets.

QT wallets are compiled for qt4 with qrencode and miniupnpc support.


## peercoind

Peercoind is headless (no GUI) wallet and client for peercoin network. This package is
created by Jashandeep-Sohi and found in AUR (Arch User Repository).
https://aur.archlinux.org/packages/ppcoind
Original author did not update it since v0.3.

### Intro:
This package takes security seriously and uses systemd to improve it.
Original author described it like this:

> “The traditional way of running bitcoind and other bitcoind derivatives (i.e. ppcoind) is
to run it as the user you are logged on as. This is how the daemon is designed to be run,
but it's a security risk, especially if you take into account that these are relatively new
software and in the case of ppcoind it's currently being developed by one person in
private and the source of this package is directly from a git repository. This isn't to say
that ppcoind is malicious and is going to steal your files, but it's just that it's new and
hasn't had a rigorous code review, so I'd rather be safe than sorry and would run it as a
separate user.”

> “So, this package sets up ppcoind in such a way that it runs (when using systemd) using
a separate user, named 'ppcoind'. This user has it's home directory at /var/lib/ppcoind
and that's where the various files generated by ppcoind reside, with the exception of
the conf file which is in /etc/ppcoind/ppcoind.conf.”
Essentially this package uses traditional unix privileges system to separate ppcoind from
other users and the system, limiting the vectors of attack if the daemon is compromised.
Ppcoind user is in “dummy” user, with no authority on the system but it's files in
/var/lib/ppcoind.

In conventional setup, if daemon is run as user “Bob” when daemon is compromised
daemon is equal to user “Bob” and can do as much damage Bob can do.
However, with this setup with dummy user if daemon is compromised it can not really do
anything outside /var/lib/ppcoind/. Thus, system and it's users are safe.
This same "DAC" based principe of security is used to secure web servers like ngix or lighttpd.


How to use ppcoind:

> $ systemctl start ppcoind.service

> $ systemctl enable ppcoind.service (to start on boot)


The daemon conf file is at /etc/ppcoind/ppcoind.conf. 
Yet again you see it is completely
detached from ppcoind user.
To access the daemon as user “Bob” you need ~/.ppcoin/ppcoind.conf, but containing
only RPC username and password to authorize RPC calls.

As user: 
> ppcoind getinfo
